Tweaks to the Overworld to make it more unique rather than a 1-1 copy of the inspiration material will
include the following:
	
	
	Points of Interest will be given their own unique Scenes in order to give them more
	detail, and gameplay.
	
	Overworld will under go some aesthetic changes with the intent of making it so that
	you can only tell what I modled the map after if you are ablew to see the entire
	overworld map, AND know what your looking at/can pick out certain key details.
	
	Over all Homage to the original NES LoZ will remain.
	
	Points Of Interest:
		Dungeon Locations 1-7
			Dungeon Location 8 will be located INSIDE of the Southern Woods P.O.I
			Access to Dungeon Location 9's scene will only be avaliable AFTER the Player 
				has obtained either the NPC Hint about it's location OR has all 
				8 Sacred Treasures.
		
		Spirit Lakes:
			The Two Spirit Lakes will get their own Scene similar to the Caves containing NPCs
			
		Wandering Forest:
			Already has it's own scene with contains the puzzle logic.
			it will be expanded to be a more interesting area, with
			at least one special interaction that will hint at the 
			location of the Old Woman you can pay to give you the 
			puzzle soulution, remind/tell the player how to exit 
			back into the Overworld.
			
		Wandering Hills:
			Already has it's own scene. I am unsure if I should change this
			one at all. Since unlike the Wandering Forest the solution is straight 
			forward when you know it. May include a special interaction
			similar to the one planned for the Wandering Forest that will
			hint at where the player can get the solution and how to exit
			 the area.
			
		Sword Master Locations:
			The First Sword Master is located at the top of the waterfall in the
				North East part of the Overworld, you will first have to FIND the
				Sword Master in the Scene at that location, who will then assess
				how much HP you have and if you have enough will test your skills
				with your Wooden sword. If you win you will earn the New Sword.
			
			
			The Second Sword Master is Located inside the Graveyard P.O.I, and
				will assess and test you like the previous Sword Master, but only 
				if your max HP is high enough AND Have already gotten the "Lvl. 2"
				Sword.
				
		
		Southern Forest:
			The Southern Forest is located East of the Starting position, and
			south of Level 2. It will also contain the Entrance to Level 8.
			Exits East to the Ocean, North near Level 2, and West.
			
		The Graveyard:
			This location will be a labrynth of graves and ghosts that contains
			the Second Sword Master. You enter this scene when you
			exit the Wandering Forest, you can also re-enter the Forest. 
			The other exit will return you to the Overworld just south 
			of Level 6. 
		
		Power Bracelet:
			A Mini Dungeon that will reward you with the Power bracelet
			for solving it's puzzles. Still not sure what this item will do.
